Rick: GENTLEMEN! MAY I PRESENT--
THE LATEST AND GREATEST
IN DUEL RUNNER MODIFICATIONS!
IS THAT IT!?
IS THAT OUR
ENGINE DESIGN?
Rick: IT IS, EXCEPT
THAT WE INCREASED
YOUR ENGINES ROTATION RADIUS,
WHICH HELPED BOOST
THE ENER-D OUTPUT BY 150%.
THIS IS OUR MASTERPIECE.
IT'S ALL DOWNHILL FROM HERE.
WE'VE ALREADY INSTALLED THE OS
PROGRAM YOU GUYS DESIGNED
AND RAN A BATTERY OF TESTS.
CHECK OUT THESE RESULTS.
JUST LOOK AT THAT
ACCELERATION RATE.
WHOA!
SO WHAT DO YOU
THINK, BRUNO?
DOES THE REAL THING
MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS?
MM-HMM.
HOW WERE YOU GUYS ABLE
TO WORK ON THIS THING?
CONSIDERING YOUR
PRESIDENT NOW HAS
"CRIMINAL"
ON HIS RESUME...
OBVIOUSLY OUR COMPANY
IS IN THE MIDST
OF A LITTLE PR CRISIS
RIGHT NOW.
BUT INDUSTRIOUS MINDS
NEVER SLEEP!
AND OUR PRESIDENT
WANTED US TO BUILD
THIS INCREDIBLE ENGINE.
WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN
TO YOUR PRESIDENT?
ARE THEY
GOING TO SHIP BOLTON
OFF TO THE SLAMMER?
I CAN'T DISCUSS THE PARTICULARS
AT THIS MOMENT.
BUT I'M AFRAID WE WON'T
BE SEEING OUR PRESIDENT
FOR A LONG TIME.
THAT BEING SAID--
OUR PRESIDENT'S PASSION
FOR DUEL RUNNERS LIVES ON.
AND IN HIS HONOR,
THIS COMPANY WILL CONTINUE
TO PURSUE AND DEVELOP
THE LATEST
IN CUTTING EDGE
DUEL RUNNER ENGINEERING.
GOOD LUCK.
THANKS FOR ALL
THAT YOU'VE DONE.
YOU'VE BROUGHT US
ONE STEP CLOSER TO
REALIZING OUR DREAM.
Crow: THOSE DUEL RUNNERS...
ARE...AWESOME!
Leo: YUSEI!
AKIZA TOLD US THE NEW
DUEL RUNNERS ARE DONE.
IS IT TRUE?!
FORGET THE RUNNERS,
CHECK OUT THESE THREADS!
CUSTOM-DESIGNED
AND HAND-CRAFTED
VINTAGE RIDING
OUTFITS...
BROUGHT TO YOU
BY YOURS TRULY.
VERY NICE!
YOU GUYS
LOOK AWESOME!
Jack: I THINK
YOU LOOK ABSURD.
YOU LOOK LESS
LIKE PRO-CIRCUIT
TURBO DUELISTS
AND MORE LIKE
A COUPLE OF
RODEO CLOWNS.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKIN' ABOUT, JACK?
I MODELED THESE OUTFITS
AFTER YOURS!
MY OUTFIT
IS BURSTING WITH
STYLE AND SUBSTANCE.
YOU FAILED TO CAPTURE
THE MANY SUBTLE NUANCES
THAT GIVE IT
ITS TRUE FLAIR!
Luna: UM...5D'S?
IS THAT LIKE
THE TEAM NAME?
YEAH.
IF YA' DON'T LIKE IT,
BLAME JACK.
HE INSISTED ON 5D'S.
OH RIGHT, BECAUSE
"THE SUPER RADICAL
FRIENDLY ALLIANCE TEAM"
WAS THE GREATEST
NAME EVER!
I THINK 5D'S SOUNDS KINDA COOL,
BUT WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
I WAS WONDERING THAT MYSELF,
BUT I THINK I GOT IT...
ONE D STANDS FOR DASHING...
ANOTHER FOR DANGEROUS...
THERE'S DARING, OF
COURSE..DESTRUCTIVE...
AND THE LAST ONE
IS, UUHUH...
I'M AN ENGINE DESIGNER,
SO THAT MUST BE IT!
YOU FOOL.
5D'S IS ABOUT
ONE THING--THIS RIGHT HERE.
SO YOU'RE NAMED AFTER...
OUR MARKS?
THAT'S RIGHT.
WE'RE ALL CONNECTED
BY THE MARK OF
THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
THAT'S WHAT TIES US
ALL TOGETHER.
I DON'T HAVE ONE OF
THOSE MARKS...
BUT HEY,
COME TO THINK OF IT,
YOUR MARK IS THE REASON
I MET EVERYONE.
SO IN THAT SENSE I'M
CONNECTED THROUGH YOU.
MM-HMM.
THAT, AND YOU AND LUNA
COUNT AS ONE PERSON.
Both: EH!?
WHAT ABOUT ME?
I DON'T HAVE ANYTHING
TO DO WITH ANY DRAGON!
HOW 'BOUT WE
NAME THE TEAM
BRUNO AND THE 5D'S,
BECAUSE YOU'RE
ALREADY THE--
I THINK IT'S A REALLY
GREAT NAME.
IT'S PERFECT.
THANKS.
Yusei: HANDS IN, PEOPLE.
STARTING RIGHT HERE
AND RIGHT NOW...
WE'RE TEAM 5D'S!
All: YEAH!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Announcer: TEAM EXTREME
TO PRACTICE LANE 2.
TEAM EXTREME TO PRACTICE LANE 2.
Leo: SO, UH--WHAT ARE
WE LOOKING AT?
Yusei: THE MAIN TOURNAMENT
CALL BOARD.
LOOKS LIKE THEY'VE ALREADY
DECIDED THE MATCHUPS
FOR THE PRELIMINARY ROUNDS.
ISN'T IT SUPPOSED
TO LOOK LIKE
A BRACKET THING?
THIS IS
FOR THE PRELIMS
AND THERE ARE
32 TEAMS...
SO--THEY'VE
DIVIDED
THOSE TEAMS
INTO 8
DIVISIONS.
THE TOP TWO TEAMS
FROM EACH DIVISION
WILL GO ON TO DUEL
IN THE FINALS,
AND THAT TAKES ON
THE TOURNAMENT
FORMAT.
Luna: YOU MEAN
THE BRACKET THINGY.
YEAH.
WITH ONLY
4 TEAMS COMPETING
IN EACH DIVISION,
AS LONG AS
WE WIN TWICE,
WE'LL BE HEADING
INTO THE FINALS.
NICE, SO THEN...
WHO'S LUCKY ENOUGH
TO BE NUMBER ONE
ON OUR TO BEAT LIST?
Bruno: LOOKS LIKE...
TEAM UNICORN...
WHO IS TEAM UNICORN?
WE MET 'EM
AT THAT PARTY.
OH RIGHT,
I REMEMBER NOW!
THE GUY WITH THE FUNNY
POINTY HAIR.
YEAH!
THAT GUY WITH
THE FUNNY POINTY HAIR
LED HIS TEAM TO VICTORY
IN THE ATLANTIS TOURNAMENT
LAST YEAR.
THEY'RE THE ODDS-ON FAVORITE
TO WIN THIS WHOLE THING.
Leo: [SIGH] WHY DID
THEY HAVE TO GO
AND PUT THE TOP TEAM
IN THE SAME PRELIMINARY
BLOCK AS US?
HMPH! THEY MAY BE
CONSIDERED THE BEST
RIGHT NOW....
BUT ONCE THE WORLD GETS
A TASTE OF TEAM 5D'S,
THINGS ARE GONNA
CHANGE REAL FAST!
BESIDES, IF TEAM UNICORN
IS REALLY THAT GOOD,
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO DUEL
'EM SOONER OR LATER.
YEAH, BUT IT WOULDA
BEEN NICE TO HAVE
AN EASY TEAM FIRST.
EXACTLY, LIKE A WARM-UP
OR SOMETHING.
SPEAKING OF WARM UPS--
OUR PRACTICE LANE
IS ABOUT TO OPEN UP.
RIGHT! COME ON, YOU GUYS,
LET'S DO THIS.
YOU WANNA GO TO THE MALL
OR SEE A MOVIE?
AND MISS THE MAIDEN VOYAGE?
NO WAY, LET'S GO UP
AND WATCH FROM THE STANDS.
Leo: YEAH!
Announcer: TEAM 5D'S
TO PRACTICE LANE 2
FOR YOUR SCHEDULED PRACTICE RUN.
TEAM EXTREME,
PLEASE CLEAR THE LANE.
TEAM 5D'S TO PRACTICE LANE 2
FOR YOUR SCHEDULED PRACTICE RUN.
HUH? HEY, IS THAT
TRUDGE DOWN THERE?
Leo: HEY! TRUDGE!
THE PEANUT GALLERY!
YOU GUYS
HANGING AROUND
TO ROOT FOR YUSEI?
Luna: THAT'S RIGHT.
Leo: WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE, TRUDGE?
IS THERE A PROBLEM?
LOOK FOR YOURSELF.
ALL THOSE
DIFFERENT LANES
AND DIFFERENT TEAMS
COMING IN AND OUT
TO PRACTICE...
AND YOU CAN'T USE
AUTOPILOT IN THIS
TOURNAMENT...
THE WHOLE SITUATION
IS A RUNNER WRECK
JUST WAITING
TO HAPPEN...
WE DREW STRAWS
AT THE STATION
TO SEE WHO HAD
TO COME DOWN HERE
AND WAIT
FOR THE BIG BANG,
AND I DREW
THE SHORT STRAW,
SO HERE I AM,
DOING MY CIVIC DUTY.
OH.
BUMMER, MAN.
CHECK IT OUT--THE BOYS
HAVE BEEN SET LOOSE.
All: YEAH!
THE GEAR SHIFT IS SMOOTH!
THIS ACCELERATION
IS INCREDIBLE!
AND THE TORQUE IS GREAT.
Crow, thinking:
PEARSON...BOLTON...
WHO WOULDA THOUGHT THAT
WHEN WE BUILT THIS RUNNER
THAT ONE DAY, I'D BE HERE...
PEARSON...I'M GONNA
WIN THIS THING.
FOR YOU.
FOR OUR DREAMS.
ALRIGHT!
WHAT DO YOU GUYS SAY
WE PUSH THESE NEW
BAD BOYS TO THE EDGE?
Jack and Yusei: YEAH!
WELL, THE GUYS SEEM TO
BE ENJOYING THEMSELVES.
YEAH--WE COMPLETELY REVAMPED
THEIR ENGINES, SO...
THEIR DUEL RUNNERS ARE WORKING
ON A WHOLE NEW LEVEL.
OOOH...
THEN I LOOK FORWARD
TO DUELING THEM AGAIN.
WAIT, "DUELING THEM AGAIN?"
Trudge: OH, WOULDYA LOOK
AT THE TIME!
BOY, I GOTTA
GET GOING!...
THERE'S ROUNDS TO MAKE,
AND PARKING GARAGES
TO PATROL,
AND TICKETS TO WRITE UP,
AND DOUGHNUTS TO--
Bruno: HANG ON, TRUDGE, WHAT DID
YOU MEAN "DUELING THEM AGAIN?"
ARE YOU DUELING
IN THE TOURNAMENT?
[CHUCKLES] ALRIGHT,
GUYS, SEE YA' LATER!
STAY SAFE!
Announcer: TOWER TO 5D'S...
YOU HAVE TWO MINUTES REMAINING.
DID YOU COPY THAT, GUYS?
OUR TIME IS UP.
LET'S PULL OFF WHEN
WE GET TO THE EXIT RAMP.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKIN' ABOUT?
WE'VE GOT TWO MINUTES.
THAT'S PLENTY OF TIME
TO BURN ANOTHER LAP
WITH THESE NEW ENGINES!
AH, COME ON, CROW!
WE'RE GONNA HAVE
TO KEEP HIM ON A LEASH.
OH MAN, I AM LOVING
THE WAY THIS BABY FLIES!
LOOK OUT!
[STRUGGLING]
Leo: DID SOMETHING HAPPEN?
Luna: WHAT'S GOING ON?
Bruno: LOOKS LIKE
THERE WAS AN ACCIDENT
ON ONE OF THE LANES.
HEY!...
BREO!
HEY, ARE YOU HURT?
DON'T WORRY, ANDRE.
I'M GOING TO BE FINE.
IT'S NOTHING.
I'M HERE!
EVERYONE CALM DOWN,
GIVE HIM AIR,
HOW'S HE DOING?
WHY DID YOU HIT HIM,
YOU FOOL?
IT WASN'T
ON PURPOSE, GUY.
I COULDN'T STOP.
YOU TRIED TO INJURE
MY TEAMMATE!
STOP IT!
HE SAID IT WAS
AN ACCIDENT, MATE.
"AN ACCIDENT,"
YOU SAY?
IT WAS OUR TURN
ON THE LANE.
YOUR TIME WAS UP.
AND HE
SHOULDN'T HAVE BEEN
OUT HERE
IN THE FIRST PLACE.
WE'LL SLAP HIS WRIST.
LOOK--NOBODY GOT HURT...
AND MY FRIEND APOLOGIZED...
THE WAY I SEE IT,
THAT SHOULD BE ENOUGH.
YOUR FRIEND TRIED
TO SABOTAGE MY TEAM,
THAT'S THE WAY I SEE IT.
AND I HAVE A FEELING
THAT'S THE WAY
THE MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
WILL SEE IT, AS WELL.
WE ARE NOT CRYING TO
THE COMMITTEE, JEAN.
UNICORNS HAVE MORE
INTEGRITY THAN THAT.
WAIT, WHAT?
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN
OUR FACES ALREADY,
YUSEI FUDO?
OH, YOU GUYS ARE...
TEAM UNICORN!...
I FEEL DUMB THAT
I DIDN'T RECOGNIZE YOU.
THAT'S UNDERSTANDABLE.
IT WAS
A BRIEF MEETING WITHOUT
PROPER INTRODUCTION.
I AM CALLED ANDRE.
THIS HERE IS JEAN.
AND THIS IS BREO.
HELLO.
HMPH!
I REALLY AM SORRY.
I FEEL TERRIBLE.
NAH...I'M STILL
IN ONE PIECE, RIGHT?
YEAH. I...GUESS YOU
COULD SAY THAT...
CAN'T SAY THE SAME FOR
YOUR DUEL RUNNER THOUGH.
LOOK AT THAT THING.
THERE'S NO WAY
IT'LL RUN NOW.
PERHAPS.
BUT WHAT'S DONE
IS DONE.
I'LL JUST USE
ANOTHER ONE.
C'EST LA VIE, DUDE.
HUH!?
Andre: WE'VE GOT A TON OF
SPONSORS FUNDING OUR TEAM.
WE'VE GOT LIKE 10
OF THOSE EXACT SAME RUNNERS
BACK AT THE GARAGE.
Crow: STILL, LET ME PAY
FOR THE DAMAGES.
IT'S THE LEAST I COULD DO.
JUDGING FROM YOUR CLOTHES,
I DOUBT YOU COULD PAY
FOR A NEW KICKSTAND.
KNOCK IT OFF, JEAN.
DON'T BE LIKE THAT.
[STRUGGLING] MUST CONTROL
URGE TO SAY SOMETHING BACK...
THIS WAS OUR FAULT.
WE CAN'T NOT
MAKE IT UP TO YOU SOMEHOW,
SO WHAT CAN WE DO?
YOU'RE VERY HONORABLE...
HOW ABOUT THIS?--
YOU GUYS DUEL US
RIGHT NOW
AND IF YOU WIN,
WE'LL CALL IT EVEN
AND YOU DON'T
HAVE TO WORRY
ABOUT PAYING
FOR ANY DAMAGES.
REALLY?...
Andre: SURE, WHY NOT?
THIS IS OUR PRIVATE
PRACTICE LANE
AND AS FAR AS I KNOW,
THERE WAS NOTHING IN THE RULES
STATING THAT WE CAN'T ACTUALLY
DUEL WHILE WE'RE OUT HERE.
Jean: DON'T BE
ABSURD, ANDRE.
WE ONLY HAVE THIS LANE
FOR AN HOUR OR SO.
OH RIGHT, THERE'S
NOT ENOUGH TIME
FOR A 3-ON-3 BATTLE,
IS THERE?...
WELL THEN HOW ABOUT
YUSEI AND I GO
MONO Y MONO?
YOU N' ME?
I HAVE HEARD
SO MUCH ABOUT YOU.
I WANT TO SEE
THE SKILL THAT WON YOU
THE FORTUNE CUP
IN ACTION.
YEAH, NOW THINGS
ARE GETTING EXCITING.
DO IT, YUSEI!
BUT THEY'RE
OUR FIRST OPPONENTS
IN THE PRELIMINARIES.
THAT'S JUST WHAT
I WAS THINKING.
THERE'S NO NEED
TO SHOW THEM OUR HAND YET.
DO NOT ACCEPT
THIS CHALLENGE, YUSEI.
LET'S GO, ANDRE.
WE SHOULDN'T INTIMIDATE
THEM INTO DOING
SOMETHING THEY
DON'T WANNA DO.
WHAT!?
LOOK--I GET IT,
YOU GUYS
KNOW WHO WE ARE.
YOU'RE PROBABLY
SCARED TO DUEL US
IN THE TOURNAMENT
AS IT IS,
IT MAKES SENSE.
ARE YOU DAFT!?
YOU THINK WE'RE SCARED OF YOU!?
THAT'S--...!
YUSEI!
YOU'VE GOT TO ACCEPT
THIS CHALLENGE!
DO NOT BACK DOWN!
ALRIGHT, THEN...
IF THIS IS HOW
YOU WANNA SETTLE THINGS,
THEN LET'S DUEL...
YOU AND ME.
NOW THAT'S THE SPIRIT!
Duel Runner Computer:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED!
Breo: I HOPE THIS
LITTLE RUSE PROVES TO BE
WORTH THE TROUBLE.
CONSIDERING THAT
I'M THE ONE WHO
HAD TO TAKE THE FALL.
AND YOU MADE IT LOOK
SO CONVINCING.
THANKS TO YOUR LITTLE
"ACCIDENT", BREO,
WE'RE ABOUT TO GET
A SNEAK PEEK
AT YUSEI'S STRENGTHS
AND WEAKNESSES.
YEAH, BUT HOW DO
WE KNOW FOR SURE
THAT THIS TEAM
IS EVEN WORTH
THE BOTHER, JEAN?
WELL, JACK ATLAS WAS
THE TOP TURBO DUELIST
UNTIL YUSEI CAME ALONG
AND WON THE FORTUNE CUP...
I'M FAIRLY CERTAIN
TEAM 5D'S WILL IMPRESS.
HOW IMPRESSIVE
CAN THEY BE IF
THEY CAN'T EVEN TELL
WHEN THEY'RE
BEING DUPED.
NEVER UNDERESTIMATE
THE ENEMY, BREO...
THEY'RE ABOUT TO BEGIN.
TIME TO FIND OUT WHAT THIS
YUSEI FUDO IS MADE OF.
HEH HEH!
Crow: OH YEAH!
THAT'S HOW TEAM 5D'S
GETS IT DONE!
NOW HE GETS TO MAKE
THE FIRST MOVE.
AAW. A DELAYED
POWER THRUST.
ISN'T THAT
JUST PRECIOUS?
BEST PART IS--I TOLD
ANDRE TO HOLD HIS
THROTTLE AT 80%.
[LAUGHS]
LET'S REV IT UP!
I DRAW!
I SUMMON MAX WARRIOR
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND WITH THAT,
I END MY TURN.
Breo: REALLY...THAT'S
HIS BIG OPENING?
PERHAPS HE IS WAITING
FOR ANDRE TO REVEAL
HIS DECK
BY MAKING THE FIRST
BIG MOVE.
AND WHICH DECK
DID YOU TELL
ANDRE TO USE?
I REASONED THAT
THE QUICK ATTACK
POWER DECK
WOULD BE THE EASIEST
FOR THEM TO COMPREHEND
AND WOULD LEAVE A STRONG
AND LASTING IMPRESSION.
THE QUICK ATTACK
POWER DECK,
SO THAT'S
WHY YOU DECIDED
THAT ANDRE SHOULD BE
THE ONE TO DUEL.
EXACTLY.
YOU CAN PRE-STRATEGIZE
ALL YOU WANT,
BUT IF YOU DON'T DRAW
THE CARDS YOU NEED
AT THE BEGINNING,
YOUR STRATEGY
GOES OUT THE WINDOW.
THAT'S WHEN HOW YOU PLAY
THE CARDS BECOMES IMPORTANT.
AND THE QUICK ATTACK
POWER DECK
CAN BE ESPECIALLY TRICKY.
ANDRE IS A MASTER OF
DECIPHERING THE BEST STRATEGY
WITHIN THE LIMITED HAND
HE IS GIVEN.
HE ROLLS
WITH THE PUNCHES....
NO MATTER
WHAT COMES HIS WAY,
HE CAN SPIN IT INTO
A BEAUTIFUL COMBO.
THE GUY IS A TRUE POET
OF THE CARDS.
[THINKING] IT'S TIME
FOR THE MATADOR
TO START ANGERING THE BULL.
IT'S MY TURN NOW, YUSEI!
I SUMMON PLAYFUL POSSUM
TO THE FIELD!
THEN I ACTIVATE THE POSSUM'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
WHEN YOU HAVE A MONSTER
OUT ON YOUR FIELD
WITH MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN PLAYFUL POSSUM...
I CAN DESTROY THIS CARD!
NOW GO!
WHAT!?
THAT'S WEIRD...WHY BRING
A MONSTER TO THE FIELD
AND THEN DESTROY IT
RIGHT AWAY?
HMPH! THIS IS ONE OF
MY FAVORITE COMBOS.
IT'S A GENUINE
WORK OF ART.
DUE TO PLAYFUL POSSUM'S
DESTRUCTION,
I CAN SUMMON GREEN BABOON,
DEFENDER OF THE FOREST
FROM MY HAND!
YOU SEE, YUSEI,
WHEN A BEAST-TYPE MONSTER
ON MY FIELD IS DESTROYED,
I CAN THEN SUMMON GREEN BABOON
DIRECTLY FROM MY HAND
BY PAYING 1,000 LIFE POINTS!
I FIGURED IT WAS
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
I MEAN, I DIDN'T THINK
YOU WERE DESTROYING
THE FIRST MONSTER
YOU SUMMONED FOR MY BENEFIT.
GO, GREEN BABOON!
ATTACK MAX WARRIOR
WITH HAMMER CLUB!
IF YOU THOUGHT THAT
ATTACK WAS SOMETHING,
JUST WAIT TILL YOU SEE WHAT
THESE TWO FACEDOWNS CAN DO.
CAN'T WAIT TO FIND OUT!
FROM MY HAND, I ACTIVATE
THE ANGEL BATON SPEED SPELL!
WHEN I HAVE TWO OR MORE
SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN USE THIS CARD'S POWER TO
DRAW TWO CARDS FROM MY DECK...
AS LONG AS I SEND ONE CARD
IN MY HAND TO THE GRAVEYARD.
FOR MY NEXT MOVE,
I'M ACTIVATING ANOTHER
ANGEL BATON!
DOUBLING HIS SPEED SPELL!?
Breo: A VERY CLEVER MANEUVER.
AND NOW--I'M SUMMONING
JUNK SYNCHRON
IN ATTACK MODE!
WHEN I SUCCESSFULLY SUMMON
JUNK SYNCHRON,
I CAN ALSO SUMMON A LEVEL
2-OR-BELOW MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
SAY HELLO TO SPEED WARRIOR!
BUT I'M NOT DONE YET!...
SINCE JUNK SYNCHRON
IS A TUNER MONSTER,
I CAN ALSO SUMMON
QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
DIRECTLY FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
Jean: HE MANAGED
TO SUMMON BOTH OF
THE MONSTERS
THAT HE DISCARDED
TO PAY FOR THE COST OF
THOSE TWO SPEED SPELLS.
AN ALL IN ONE COMBO.
VERY IMPRESSIVE.
IT SEEMS HE'S LIVING UP
TO HIS REPUTATION.
THESE ARE PROBABLY
HIS STANDARD MOVES.
BET HE PRACTICES
THESE EVERY DAY.
HMPH. IF YOU'RE RIGHT,
WE'LL KNOW SOON ENOUGH.
NOW, BOTH MY LEVEL 3
QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG...
AND MY LEVEL 2
SPEED WARRIOR...
WILL GET A TUNING
FROM JUNK SYNCHRON.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON--
JUNK ARCHER!
NEXT--I ACTIVATE
JUNK ARCHER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
ONCE A TURN...
JUNK ARCHER CAN REMOVE
A MONSTER ON YOUR FIELD
ENTIRELY FROM PLAY!
GO DIMENSION SHOT!
Crow: YE-E-EAH!
NOW ANDRE'S GOT
NO MONSTERS
ON HIS FIELD!
HE'S ALL YOURS, YUSEI!
NOW PUT HIM
IN HIS PLACE!
NOW JUNK ARCHER--
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
GO SCRAP ARROW!
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO WORK HARDER THAN
THAT TO GET TO ME!
I ACTIVATE
BATTLE INSTINCT!
WHEN I FIND MYSELF
THE TARGET
OF A DIRECT ATTACK...
I CAN ACTIVATE THIS CARD
AND SUMMON
A LEVEL 4-OR-BELOW
MONSTER FROM MY HAND!
I CALL FORTH...
NIMBLE MOMONGA!
MAN!
Leo: ANDRE MAY'VE
AVOIDED A DIRECT HIT...
BUT YUSEI STILL MANAGED
TO DAMAGE HIM.
IT'S AT THIS MOMENT
THAT MOMONGA'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES!
WHEN IT'S DESTROYED
IN BATTLE AND SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD...
I CAN REGAIN 1,000
LIFE POINTS...
...AND I CAN SUMMON
TWO MORE NIMBLE MOMONGAS
TO THE FIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE!
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN...
AND END MY TURN.
SINCE WE HAVE REACHED
THE END PHASE,
THE GREEN BABOON
THAT JUNK ARCHER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
REMOVED FROM PLAY
RETURNS TO THE FIELD.
Leo: WHAT HAPPENED?
IT SEEMED LIKE YUSEI
WAS ROCKING HIS TURN.
Akiza: LOOK. ANDRE ONLY LOST
300 LIFE POINTS.
AND HE'S GOT 3 MONSTERS
ON HIS FIELD.
THAT ANDRE GUY WAS ABLE
TO USE YUSEI'S TURN
TO HIS COMPLETE ADVANTAGE.
ANDRE'S DOING WELL.
THESE ARE HIS NATURAL
INSTINCTS AT WORK.
HE'S A MASTER AT
FINESSING A BATTLE.
YOUR ATTACK JUST NOW
WAS CARELESS, YUSEI.
YOU'VE GOT OPENINGS
IN YOUR STRATEGY...
WHICH I WILL
NOW EXPLOIT!
FIRST, I ACTIVATE
PLAYFUL POSSUM'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
WHEN PLAYFUL POSSUM
IS IN THE GRAVEYARD
DUE TO ITS OWN ABILITY,
I CAN RE-SUMMON IT
TO THE FIELD
DURING
THE STANDBY PHASE!
THEN I RELEASE
BOTH PLAYFUL POSSUM
AND NIMBLE MOMONGA
IN ORDER
TO SUMMON BEHEMOTH
THE KING OF ALL ANIMALS!
Duel Runner Computer:
BEHEMOTH THE KING OF ALL ANIMALS
IS A LEVEL 7 BEAST-TYPE MONSTER
WITH 2700 ATTACK POINTS
AND 1500 DEFENSE POINTS.
WHOA, THAT THING IS HUGE.
Andre: AS IS THE POWER OF
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY!
WHEN BEHEMOTH IS
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED,
I CAN MOVE THE SAME NUMBER
OF BEAST-TYPE MONSTERS
FROM MY GRAVEYARD TO MY HAND
AS THE NUMBER OF MONSTERS
I USED TO SUMMON IT!
WHICH LETS ME GAIN
TWO NIMBLE MOMONGAS!
AS FOR THE ONE
ON MY FIELD...
I SWITCH IT
TO ATTACK MODE!
Leo: YIKES...
Akiza: YEAH, I'M NOT SURE
I WANNA WATCH THIS.
DON'T WORRY.
YUSEI CAN
TURN THIS AROUND.
ANDRE HAS 3 BACK-TO-BACK
ATTACKS READY TO GO...
HE CAN'T WIN THIS.
YA THINK...?
Both: COME ON!
SLOW DOWN...
YOU'VE ONLY LET YUSEI
EXECUTE A FEW MOVES...
WASN'T THE WHOLE POINT
OF DUELING HIM NOW
TO STUDY HIS SKILLS?
MAYBE I WAS WRONG...
IF ANDRE CAN DEFEAT HIM
THIS QUICKLY...
THEN PERHAPS THIS YUSEI
ISN'T A THREAT TO US
AFTER ALL...?